Group J

Date: 29 Jan 2022
Time: 9pm

Chair: Haris Mahmood

Secretary: Zachary Bruce

Participants: Louisa-Lina Meziane, Jaskirat Kaur, Carson Senthilkumar, Wassim Nijaoui

Meeting purpose: Finalization of Sprint 1 work

Agenda/decision items:
    confirmation of user stories progress
    confirmation of remaining Sprint 1 tasks

1. Assigning pull requests
    Everyone must create a pull request and assign it to someone else for review.
    Decision: Everyone will add their own student ID to the readme file and assign the pull request to another team member.

2. Add additional info to readme file
    Decision: If applicable, team members should add additional info about themselves in the 'Roles' section of the readme.

3. User stories
    Zachary has completed two, Jonah has completed one and is working on the remaining one.
    Issues must be created for each user story.
    Decision: Carson will be creating issues for the user stories.

4. Meeting minutes
    Meeting minutes must be stored in the Wiki section of the project repository.
    Decision: Zachary will add the meeting minutes to the Wiki.

5. Sprint 1 submission
    Decision: Carson will complete the Moodle submission of Sprint 1.

Next meeting: TBD

Next meeting agenda: TBD
